VERSION 2.0: on recent feedback we were told that the screen was not used fully, 
and that traps as well as swiping was difficult in a small level. this all the lanes now have a size of x = 3.
NAMING:

T = tutorial/intro level
E = easy level
M = moderate level
H = hard level
Make sure to use the above named letters to sort the levels as follows:
E.G.: ""difficulty"-"levelnumber"-"levelname"" ->E.G: "T-2-firstlevelwithsawblades"
in ths case, the number is simply to tell the user which level goes before another level.
right now numbering is not that important, as it can be discussed which levels should go first,
but it is convenient for navigating through the prefabs/levels folder.


CREATING:
use the "empty level" as a basic prefab, thiss contains 3 lanes with the appropriate textures.
From there, you can go to prefabs and select "completed traps" to get your traps. 
the prefab section also contains the bacons and other usables (decoration, tiles, coins, etc)

ADDING:
to add your level to the game, go to the v2LevelSelect and find any of the pnl_level objects. 
in these objects there will be a button child object that contains the LevelSelector. drag your level prefab into this
script to add the level. make sure you put your level in an appropriate pnl_level. are all the pnl_level used?
Then make your own and add your level to that one.

 
POSITIONING:
Lane positions have changed since the latest update. duue to lanes being bigger now:
x positions:
Left lane: -683
Middle Lane: -665
Right Lane: -647

ATTENTION: These positions apply to the following traps:
- Cutter Traps
- Loose Sawblades
- Pressure Plates
- Blade Traps
- Spiked Walls

These traps must be placed this way due to the way they function, they are made to cover one single lane
entirely and thus these trap's positions need to be consistent to avoid faulty level design.

the other traps depend more on their Z position and thus don't need specific positioning.

TRAPS DATA:
some traps have been changed, if your traps are not like these, please check them in the prefabs folder and replace
your outdated traps.
Axe trap:
Hammer Trap - SCALE: (2, 6, 6)
Blade Trap - SCALE: (8, 6, 4)
Hammer Trap - SCALE: (6, 6, 6)
MovingSawblade - SCALE: (4, 8, 8)

Spiked Wall - BOX COLLIDER SCALE: (1, 1, 1)

Cutter Trap - SCALE: (10, 10, 10), BOX COLLIDER SCALE: (1.2, 1.4, 1.2)
Loose Sawblade - SCALE: (6, 6, 6), BOX COLLIDER SCALE: (2, 2.5, 3.5)

Pressure Plate - SCALE: (10, 10, 10)


ALSO INPORTANT: the walls in an empty level have a boxcollider scale of (1, 3, 10)

Written & updated by: Manuel Martin
